docs: Update/ref docs related to workspaces (#1351)
recognai/rubrix: docs/reference/webapp/homepage.md

> # Homepage

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Home page
```

> ![Screenshot of the Homepage](../../_static/reference/webapp/homepage.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Screenshot of the Home page](../../_static/reference/webapp/homepage.png)
```

> The _Homepage_ is mainly a **filterable, searchable and sortable list** of **datasets**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _Home page_ is mainly a **filterable, searchable and sortable list** of **datasets**.
```

It is the **entry point** to the Rubrix web app and is composed of the following three components.

## Search bar

The "_Search datasets_" bar on the top allows you to search for a specific dataset by its name.

## Dataset list

In the center of the page you see the list of datasets available for **your user account**.
The list consists of following columns:

- **Name**: The name of the dataset, can be sorted alphabetically.
- **Workspace**: A filterable column showing the workspace to which the dataset belongs.
- **Task**: The [task](../../guides/task_examples.ipynb) of the dataset. This is a filterable column.
- **Tags**: User defined tags for the dataset.
- **Created at**: When was the dataset first logged by the client.
- **Updated at**: When was the dataset last modified, either via the Rubrix web app or the client.

## Side bar

You can find a user icon and a refresh button on the top right:

> - **User icon**: This icon shows the initials of your username and allows you to **log out** or **view the documentation**.

Reviewer: I would put this order and add the version info:
View the doc, view the current version and log out

Author: done

> - **User icon**: This icon shows the initials of your username and allows you to **log out** or **view the documentation**.

Author: ```suggestion
- **User icon**: This icon shows the initials of your username and allows you to **view the documentation**, view your **current Rubrix version**, and **log out**.
```
